Ans 1)
Because of the expontial distribution , the waiting time for two processes have to be the same irrespective for the time of the fact who started waiting earlier. For e.g.
"The busses in a town have no schedule: they just wander around on their routes. Suppose that the distribution of interarrival times is exponential. 
You come to a bus stop and wait. Two minutes later, someone else arrives. You both have the same expected time to wait for the bus, even though you have 
been waiting longer." 
Hence the counts of process A is higher than that of B which in turn is higher than that of C.Also it happens that A gets to execute more than C even though the priority of C is higher than A 







Ans 2)

Exponetial Distribution Schedular
	
	Advantage
	1) It is memoryless.It means that in case you have already been waiting for a few minutes, the amount of time you expect to keep waiting is the same .
		
	Disdavantage
	1) Increased computation time
	2) Also the probabiltiy density function is monotically decreasing, a situation which may or may not be true.



Linux-Like Scheduler

       Advantages
       1) Process is scheduled for its entire quantum, unless suspended hence taking fewer processing(CPU) time 
	

       2) if two processes having the same priority wants to be executed then, the schedular considers the time for which they have previuosly been executed respective process,
	   hence the one that has been executed a fewer number of times gets higher priority.
       
	3) Avoid starvation due to the concept of EPOCH and quantum
       
       Disadvantages

       1) Overheadto be maintained for the in terms of goodness quantum for ready processes




Advantages of round robin scheduling policy implemented by xinu.

       1) Process with higher priority gets excetued first. Also in case of processes with equal priority it implements the round robin scheduling.
                                                
    Disadvantages
  
       1) It does not take into consideration the history of the process while scheduling, for as a process who just got a chance to execute got suspened for to an I/O may have to wait for an entire cycle to finish again to start scheduling

       2)  if there are process having different priority and higer process priority keeps coming in then it lead to starvation









References:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5362577/c-gettimeofday-for-computing-time
http://cs.wellesley.edu/~cs199/lectures/19-exponential.html.

Concept of process scheduling discussed with Priyanka Singhal
Threading concept discussed with Priyanka Singhal and Rohit Kandhal




